update dwb plugin pkg readme (#1380)
ros-planning/navigation2: nav2_dwb_controller/README.md

## Migrating to ROS 2

Rather than continue with 3 overlapping implementations of DWA, the DWB planner

> was chosen to use as the standard controller plugin to start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
was chosen to use as the default controller plugin.
```

For the most part, the DWB codebase is unchanged, other than what was required for ROS2.

> The main architectural change is due to the replacement of `MoveBase` by the `FollowPath` action server that uses this plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main architectural change is due to the replacement of `MoveBase` by the `FollowPath` action server, called the controller_server, which uses this DWB plugin.
```

> The main architectural change is due to the replacement of `MoveBase` by the `FollowPath` action server, called the controller_server, which uses this DWB plugin.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps splitting hairs, but MoveBase was replaced by the BtNavigator, which interfaces to the various action servers - ComputePathToPose, FollowPath, recoveries, etc. - using action clients.

Author: This is in context of the nav2 dwb controller readme, so I think it makes sense that this was pulled out of movebase, but what you said probably makes more sense

Author: @mjeronimo I think that entire sentence doesn't provide much value. I'm just deleting it, its in a section discussing DWB changes for ROS2 and none of that should be important for a plugin to understand or care about.

![ROS 1 DWB Structure](./images/DWB_Structure_Simplified.svg "ROS 1 DWB Structure")

## New local planner interface

> See `nav2_core` `Controller` interface. They are loaded into the `nav2_controller_server` to compute control commands from requests to the ROS2 action server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See `nav2_core` `Controller` interface, which defines an interface for the controller plugins. These plugins are loaded into the `nav2_controller_server` to compute control commands from requests to the ROS2 action server.
```
